Terry: "MY DARLING WIFE, CINDY,
MAY HER GUTS ROT IN HELL.
"I LOVED HER SO MUCH.
"SHE BROKE MY HEART.
THEN I BROKE HER NECK.
"YES, I KILLED HER.
"I SHOULDN'T'VE,
BUT SHE DESERVED IT.
"NOW IT'S MY TURN.
I DESERVE TO DIE, TOO.
MARK STRAUSS."
IT'S POETIC.
Hildy: TOOPOETIC.AWFULLY CONVENIENT.
THE JURY JUST HEARD BLUNT
WAS GETTING BLOWN BY THE VICTIM
MINUTES BEFORE SHE WAS KILLED.
THEY'RE FINALLY LOOKING AT HIM
LIKE A MURDERER.
AND THAT SAME NIGHT,
STRAUSS DECIDES
IT'S FINALLY TIME
TO CONFESS? NO WAY.
BESIDES THE PEOPLE IN THIS ROOM,
WHO ELSE KNOWS THE NOTE EXISTS?
NO ONE. JUST US.
DID YOU LOG THE SUICIDE NOTE
AS EVIDENCE?
NOT YET.
SHOULD WE?
WELL, WE SHOULD,
ONLY IF WE THINK IT'S REAL.
IT WAS TYPED
INTO A BLANK WORD DOCUMENT.
AND HE DIDN'T E-MAIL IT
TO ANYONE?NO. WE CHECKED.
HE HAD JUST RECENTLY
MOVED INTO THAT APARTMENT,
SO HIS INTERNET
WASN'T SET UP YET.
THEN WHY DID HE WRITE IT
ON HIS COMPUTER?
Hildy: EXACTLY,
ESPECIALLY WHEN THERE WAS
PEN AND PAPER
SITTING RIGHT BESIDE THE LAPTOP.
SO, OUR WORKING ASSUMPTION
IS THAT BLUNT KILLED THIS GUY?
HADHIM KILLED.
BLUNT'S WEARING A BRACELET.
SO IRONICALLY, HE'S THE ONE GUY
WE CAN RULE OUT.
Koto: SO, LET'S DRAG THEM IN
AND RATTLE THEIR CAGES.
BILL WILKERSON, IVANA WEST.
WHO ELSE?
MM...WE COULD DO THE LAWYER --
HERTZBERG.
Perez: NO.
NOT HERTZBERG.
HE WON'T SAY A WORD,
ANDHE'LL KNOW SOMETHING'S UP.
WE SHOULD QUESTION
JIMMY SALTER.
OKAY, BUT QUESTION HIM
ONLY AS PART OF
THE HOMICIDE INVESTIGATION.
THERE CAN'T BE ANY MENTION
OF THE NOTE.
I CAN STALL SILETTI 24,
MAYBE 48 HOURS MAX.
WAIT -- SHOULDN'T
WE BRING HIM IN ON THIS
SO HE DOESN'T
GET BLINDSIDED?
SILETTI? ABSOLUTELY NOT.
JUDGE GREER'S GOING TO
GRILL HIM.
THE LESS HE KNOWS,
THE BETTER.
THERE'S GOT TO BE
A SUICIDE NOTE. RIGHT?
WELL, I ONLY KNOW
WHAT YOU KNOW --
MEDIA REPORTS
OF A POSSIBLE O.D.,
POLICE INVESTIGATING.
BEYOND THAT,
I HAVEN'T BEEN BRIEFED.
YOUR HONOR,
MOVE TO RECESS
UNTIL HOMICIDE AND D.A. PEREZ
RULE THIS DEATH.
SURELY WE CAN PAUSE
FOR A DAY OR TWO
SO WE'RE NOT ALL CONSUMED
BY THIS CIRCUS.
YOU'D LIKE THAT,
WARREN --
KILL MY MOMENTUM
IN THE MIDDLE OF MY CASE.
THERE IS NOTHING
ABOUT THIS OUTSIDE SITUATION
THAT AFFECTS THE TRIAL.
A WITNESS WHO HAS ALREADY
COMPLETED HIS TESTIMONY
HAS DIED.
HE'D HARDLY COMPLETED
HIS TESTIMONY.
AS I RECALL, WE WERE ALL
JUST STARTING TO THINK
THAT MAYBE HEKILLED
CINDY STRAUSS.
HIS ROLE IN THIS TRIAL
WAS OVER,
AND AS FOR THE CIRCUMSTANCES
OF HIS DEATH,
THERE IS NO EVIDENCE,
NO FACTS, NO RUMOR OUT THERE
THAT JUSTIFIES A PAUSE
IN THESE PROCEEDINGS.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOUR HONOR, I REQUEST
THAT THE STATE BE ALLOWED
TO FINISH ITS CASE AGAINST
MR. BLUNT WITHOUT INTERRUPTION.
HOW CLOSE ARE YOU
TO RESTING?
TWO DAYS,
THREE AT THE MOST.
VERY WELL.
WE'RE GONNA PROCEED.
THERE'S TO BE NO MENTION
OF STRAUSS' DEATH
BY EITHER OF YOU
OR ANY OTHER WITNESSES.
WHEN THE STATE
FINISHES ITS CASE,
IF -- IF PEREZ HASN'T RULED
ON THE DEATH OF MR. STRAUSS --
I'LL FILE A MOTION
FOR MISTRIAL.
AND I AM GONNA HAVE TO
CONSIDER IT.
UNDERSTOOD.
ALL RIGHT.
LET'S GET ON WITH THIS.
[ SIREN WAILS IN DISTANCE ][ HORN HONKS ]
MR. WILKERSON,
ON THE NIGHT CINDY STRAUSS DIED,
WHERE WERE YOU?
I WAS HOME, UH,
ALL EVENING WITH MY WIFE.
DID YOU HEAR FROM MS. STRAUSS
THAT EVENING?
YES, SHE, UH, TEXTED ME
A MESSAGE AT 9:00 P.M.
I HAVE THE VERIFIED CONTENTS
OF THAT TEXT MESSAGE
I WOULD LIKE TO ENTER
AS PEOPLE'S EXHIBIT 1,
YOUR HONOR.
MAY I APPROACH THE WITNESS?YOU MAY.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
IS THAT
THE TEXT YOU RECEIVED?
UH, YES, IT IS.
COULD YOU READ THE TIME
AND DATE STAMP AND THE MESSAGE?
YES.
UH, JUNE 5, 2014,
UH, 9:02 P.M.
TEXT MESSAGE
FROM CINDY STRAUSS.
UH, "ERICH AND I SPOKE.
EVERYTHING'S COOL.
SEE YOU TOMORROW."
DID SHE ARRIVE AT WORK
THE NEXT MORNING?
UH, NO. UM, WE HAD
A 10:00 A.M. FLIGHT TO NEW YORK,
AND CINDY WAS SUPPOSED TO
SHOW UP AT 7:00 A.M.,
UH, TO PERFORM
HER PRE-FLIGHT DUTIES.
AND WHEN SHE DIDN'T SHOW
AT 8:00, I GOT WORRIED.
I CALLED HER SEVERAL TIMES.
SHE DIDN'T RESPOND.
AND SO I DROVE OVER
TO HER HOUSE.
AND WHEN SHE DIDN'T
ANSWER HER DOOR,
I FOUND THE MANAGER
OF HER COMPLEX,
WHO OPENED THE DOOR
WITH A-A-A MASTER KEY.
AND WE FOUND CINDY...
DEAD ON --
ON THE FLOOR.
I WAS STUNNED. UM...
HEARTBROKEN.
AND, UH...
I TOLD THE MANAGER
TO GET THE POLICE,
AND I STAYED WITH THE BODY
UNTIL THEY ARRIVED.
THEN WHAT DID YOU DO?
UH, THEY QUESTIONED ME,
AND I TOLD THEM ESSENTIALLY
WHAT I JUST TOLD YOU,
AND THEN I WENT OVER
TO THE PLANE
TO TELL ERICH
WHAT HAD HAPPENED.
AND WHAT DID HE SAY?
Wilkerson:
WELL, HE ASKED ME
IF THE, UH, POLICE THOUGHT
IT WAS A HOMICIDE,
AND I SAID,
UH, "I DON'T KNOW."
WELL, WERE YOU SURPRISED
BY HIS REACTION?
WELL, YEAH,
A LITTLE, YES.
UH, IT SEEMED COLD,
BUT HE COULD HAVE BEEN IN SHOCK.
THANK YOU.
NO FURTHER QUESTIONS.
MR. WILKERSON...
[ SIGHS ]
...WERE YOU AWARE
THAT MS. STRAUSS AND MR. BLUNT
WERE HAVING
A SEXUAL AFFAIR?
YES, SHE CONFIDED IT
TO ME.
HMM. SO...
YOU AND MS. STRAUSS
WERE GOOD FRIENDS?
WELL, WE SPENT A LOT OF TIME
TOGETHER ON THE ROAD.
JUST TO SET
THE RECORD STRAIGHT,
YOU AND MS. STRAUSS WERE ALSO
HAVING A SEXUAL AFFAIR.
IS THAT CORRECT?REGRETFULLY, YES.
WHY REGRETFULLY?
I'M A MARRIED MAN.
I-IT WAS A MISTAKE.
AND I ENDED THE RELATIONSHIP
SOON AFTER IT BEGAN.
WAS THIS
BEFORE OR AFTER
SHE COMMENCED HER AFFAIR
WITH MR. BLUNT?
[ SIGHS ] I DON'T KNOW.
UM, I SUSPECT BEFORE.
WERE YOU JEALOUS OF HER
AND MR. BLUNT'S RELATIONSHIP?
NO. NOT AT ALL.MR. WILKERSON,
DURING THE TIME YOU HAD
YOUR AFFAIR WITH MS. STRAUSS,
DID YOU EVER HIT HER?
NEVER.
DID YOU EVER HIT
YOUR WIFE?
EXCUSE ME?IS IT NOT TRUE
THAT AS RECENTLY AS TWO DAYS
AGO, IN A HEATED ARGUMENT
IN THE PRESENCE
OF YOUR RESPECTIVE ATTORNEYS,
YOU PUNCHED YOUR WIFE
AND KNOCKED HER DOWN?
SHE WENT NUTS ON ME.
SHE ATTACKED ME!
UH, I WAS
TRYING TO DEFEND MYSELF.
SO THAT WOULD BE A YES.
YES.
GOING BACK
TO THE NIGHT IN QUESTION,
YOU TESTIFIED THAT
YOU RECEIVED AN S.M.S. MESSAGE
FROM MS. STRAUSS ON THE NIGHT
OF HER DEATH AT 9:02 P.M.
IS THAT CORRECT?
9:02 P.M.
AND YET THE MEDICAL EXAMINER
TESTIFIED
THAT MS. STRAUSS' TIME OF DEATH
WAS 8:30 P.M.
DO YOU THINK SHE SENT IT
FROM THE AFTERLIFE?
Siletti: OBJECTION.
ARGUMENTATIVE.
I'LL WITHDRAW THE QUESTION.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
THE POLICE REPORT STATES
THAT MS. STRAUSS' PHONE
WAS FOUND IN HER APARTMENT WHEN
THE POLICE ARRIVED THE NEXT DAY.
MR. WILKERSON...
IS IT POSSIBLE THAT YOU
KILLED HER, TOOK HER CELLPHONE,
SENT YOURSELF THE TEXT...OBJECTION!
...AND THEN RETURNED
THE PHONE THE NEXT MORNING...OBJECTION!
...WHEN YOU WENT TO THE HOUSE...PREJUDICIAL!
BADGERING THE WITNESS!...TO DISCOVER THE BODY?
Judge Greer: SUSTAINED.
MR. DANIELS,
ONE MORE STUNT LIKE THAT,
I'M GONNA HOLD YOU IN CONTEMPT.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
UH, MR. WILKERSON.WE NEED YOU TO COME WITH US
UPSTAIRS.
OH, MY -- YOU GOT TO
BE KIDDING ME, RIGHT?
RIGHT THIS WAY.COME ON.
YOU DON'T MIND
IF I CRY, DO YOU?
WE JUST HAVE
A FEW QUESTIONS FOR YOU.
[ SIGHS ]
MARK STRAUSS.
POOR BASTARD.
IT'S A REAL SHAME.
WERE YOU GUYS FRIENDS?
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
NO.
WITH THE WAY
HE ABUSED CINDY --
NOW, I'M NOT SAYING
HE DESERVED IT,
BUT KARMA'S A BITCH.
TAKE IT
HE KILLED HIMSELF?
WHY DO YOU SAY THAT?
JUST A HUNCH.
TRIALS PUT A LOT OF PEOPLE
THROUGH THE WRINGER.
WHERE WERE YOU LAST NIGHT
WHEN STRAUSS WAS KILLED?
SO, IT ISA HOMICIDE?
WOW.
BOY, I'D HAVE BET ANYTHING
HE KILLED HIMSELF.
Terry: YOUR WHEREABOUTS
LAST NIGHT, PLEASE?
I WAS WITH ERICH
AT HIS HOUSE.
I'M SURE ERICH
DIDN'T LIKE MARK VERY MUCH.
HE PROBABLY WOULDN'T MIND
LYING FOR YOU
IF HE NEEDED YOU
TO TAKE CARE OF A...
SHARED PROBLEM.
NOW, WHY ON EARTH
WOULD I KILL MARK STRAUSS?
HOW'S THAT GONNA HELP ERICH?YOU'RE KIDDING, RIGHT?
AN UNSOLVED HOMICIDE
IN A CASE LIKE THIS...
A KEY WITNESS?
THAT'S MORE THAN ENOUGH
TO FORCE A MISTRIAL.
Terry: THAT'S WHY
YOU SAYING YOU WERE WITH ERICH
ISN'T MUCH OF AN ALIBI.
SO, WHERE WERE YOU
LAST NIGHT?
YOU KNOW,
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO TELL YOU,
BUT THE TRUTH IS
THAT I WAS WITH ERICH.
PROVE IT.
PLEASE DO NOT TELL ME
TO TALK TO ERICH BLUNT.
THAT DOESN'T REALLY COUNT.
[ SIGHS ]
THIS IS ALL BEING RECORDED,
RIGHT?
RIGHT, BECAUSE
SO IS EVERY SQUARE INCH
OF THE PERIMETER
OF ERICH BLUNT'S HOUSE.
IT'S 24 HOURS A DAY
VIDEO SURVEILLANCE.
CHECK IT OUT.
I WAS THERE ALL NIGHT.
COME ON. THAT'S HIS BUSINESS --
VIRTUAL REALITY.
EXPECT US
TO BELIEVE A VIDEO?
YEAH.
TALK TO JIMMY SALTER.
HE'S THE ONE
WHO INSTALLED IT
AFTER THE ARREST
TO KEEP THE CRAZIES OUT.
OH, HE WAS BRAGGING ABOUT IT
THE WHOLE TIME HE SET IT UP.
IT'S A CCTV DIRECT FEED
TO YOU GUYS -- SFPD.
CHECK IT OUT, AND YOU'LL SEE ME
WALK IN WITH ERICH
ABOUT 7:00 P.M.,
NOT LEAVE TILL THE NEXT MORNING.
HEY, JIMMY WILL EVEN
GIVE YOU A DVD.
IT'LL BE WATERMARKED,
TIME-STAMPED, AND CHERRY-COATED
SO THAT AFTER YOU WATCH IT,
YOU TWO PRICKS CAN SUCK IT.
SUCK MY ALIBI.
[ SIREN WAILING IN DISTANCE ]
Siletti:
WHY DID YOU ASK YOUR HUSBAND
TO MOVE OUT OF THE HOUSE?
UH, I RECEIVED AN E-MAIL
WITH A VIDEO ATTACHED
SHOWING HIM RECEIVING ORAL SEX
FROM CINDY STRAUSS.
DID YOU KNOW
THEY WERE HAVING AN AFFAIR?
YES --
BILL, UH, SWORE TO ME
THAT IT WAS BRIEF
AND THAT HE HAD BROKEN IT OFF.
ON THE NIGHT SHE DIED,
WHERE WERE YOU?
I WAS HOME ALL NIGHT
WITH MY HUSBAND.
AND DID MR. WILKERSON LEAVE
THE HOME AT ANY TIME THAT NIGHT?NO.
IN FACT, GIVEN YOUR ESTRANGEMENT
FROM YOUR HUSBAND --
IN FACT,
GIVEN THE PHYSICAL ALTERCATION
THE TWO OF YOU APPARENTLY
ENGAGED IN THE OTHER DAY,
YOU REALLY HAVE NO REASON
TO LIE ON HIS BEHALF, DO YOU?
NO. NONE WHATSOEVER.
THANK YOU, MS. WILKERSON.
NOTHING FURTHER, YOUR HONOR.
Tonia: MRS. WILKERSON,
YOU TESTIFIED YOU WERE HOME
WITH MR. WILKERSON ALL EVENING
THE NIGHT OF JUNE 5th.
IS THAT RIGHT?YES.
WERE YOU PHYSICALLY
IN YOUR HUSBAND'S PRESENCE
BETWEEN THE HOURS
OF 7:00 AND 9:00 P.M.?
UH, 7:00 TO 9:00 --
UH, WE ALWAYS HAVE DINNER,
UH, FROM 6:00 TO 6:30,
AND THAT NIGHT
WAS NO DIFFERENT.
UM, WE STARTED THE MOVIE --
I REMEMBER IT WAS AROUND 9:00
BECAUSE HE RECEIVED
THE TEXT MESSAGE,
UH, DURING
THE OPENING CREDITS.
MM. WERE YOU TOGETHER
BETWEEN DINNER AND THE MOVIE?
WELL, I WAS MOSTLY UPSTAIRS
IN THE BEDROOM.
HE WAS, UH, DOWNSTAIRS
WATCHING SPORTS IN THE BASEMENT.
SO, EVEN THOUGH YOU BELIEVE
YOU WERE IN THE HOUSE TOGETHER
THE ENTIRE NIGHT, IT'S POSSIBLE
HE MIGHT HAVE LEFT THE HOUSE
FOR A PERIOD OF TIME AFTER
DINNER AND BEFORE THE MOVIE,
IS IT NOT?
NO. NO, I WOULD HAVE KNOWN.
WE HAVE AN ALARM SYSTEM.
WAS IT ARMED?
YES. I ARM IT MYSELF
EVERY NIGHT.
COULDN'T HE HAVE DISARMED IT
WITHOUT YOU KNOWING?
NO, NO,
BECAUSE IT BEEPS WHEN YOU --
WHEN YOU ARM OR DISARM IT.
I-I WOULD HAVE HEARD.
ISN'T IT POSSIBLE
YOU JUST DIDN'T HEAR IT?
WELL [SCOFFS] LOOK,
ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE.
SO,
IF ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE,
IS IT POSSIBLE
YOU LEFT THE HOUSE THAT NIGHT
AND KILLED MS. STRAUSS
IN A JEALOUS RAGE?OBJECTION!
NO, NO,
THAT IS NOT POSSIBLE.SUSTAINED.
AND -- AND SHAME ON YOU
FOR SUGGESTING IT.
THANK YOU, MA'AM.
NO FURTHER QUESTIONS.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
NO WORK IN THE BREAK ROOM,
ENGLISH.
CAPTAIN SALTER.
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE RULES
AROUND HERE?
USED TO BE A SIGN
ON THIS DOOR
SAID THE BREAK ROOM
IS FOR BREAKS.
BREAKS WERE OUTLAWED
TWO YEARS AGO.
[ SCOFFS ] DAMN UNION
AIN'T WHAT IT USED TO BE.
THAT'S FOR SURE.
LISTEN, YOU SOUNDED BUSY
ON THE PHONE.
I WAS IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD,
SO I THOUGHT I'D DROP THIS OFF.
AHH.
SECURITY FOOTAGE.
WATERMARKED, VERIFIED --
BLUNT AND WILKERSON
WERE HOME ALL NIGHT PLAYING
"CALL OF DUTY." [ SCOFFS ]
MM. THANKS.
WHAT ABOUT YOU?
WHAT ABOUT ME WHAT?
WHERE WERE YOU THE NIGHT
MARK STRAUSS DIED, JIMMY?
NOW YOU CALL ME JIMMY.
I WAS AT THE HOSPITAL,
VISITING MY MOTHER.
I SLEPT THERE.
TALK TO NURSE ROBERTS,
NURSE NGUYEN, AND NURSE KING.
I'M THERE MOST EVERY NIGHT
BECAUSE SHE'S DYING.
MAYBE
YOU CAN UNDERSTAND.
I'VE BEEN IN YOUR SHOES, PAL.
I KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE.
YOU TRY TO DO GOOD,
YOU TRY TO MAKE A DIFFERENCE,
AND YOU ARREST
A GUY LIKE THIS.
SUDDENLY, YOU'RE DEALING
WITH THE PRESS AND POLITICS.
AND THE PRESSURE BUILDS
AND BUILDS.
AND ALL OF A SUDDEN, THE WHOLE
WORLD'S LOOKING AT YOU.
AND, GOD DAMN, YOU DROP
TO YOUR KNEES EVERY NIGHT,
PRAY THAT YOU GOT IT RIGHT,
BECAUSE NOW...
IT'S NOT JUST YOUR ASS
ON THE LINE.
IT'S YOUR PARTNER'S, YOUR
LIEUTENANT, YOUR CHIEF, THE D.A.
BUT WHAT IF THE TRUTH
IS HE'S INNOCENT,
THAT YOU'RE WRONG?
SEE, THAT'S...
SCARY.
NO WONDER YOU KEEP PILING
ON THE DIRT.
BUT TAKE IT FROM SOMEBODY
WHO'S BEEN IN YOUR SHOES, TERRY.
YOU'RE IN A DEEP HOLE
ON THIS ONE.
I STRONGLY SUGGEST
YOU STOP DIGGING.
[ BREATHES DEEPLY ]
WELL, I GOT TO GET
TO THE BOTTOM OF THIS, SO...
I GOT TO KEEP DIGGING.
LOOK AT THIS KID --
SO CLOSE TO TWO MURDERS?
DO YOU REALLY THINK
HIS HANDS ARE CLEAN?
I MEAN, YOU'RE THE ONE
THAT TAUGHT ME
THERE'S NO SUCH THING
AS COINCIDENCE.
AND IF YOU
WEREIN MY SHOES,
YOU KNOW YOU'D BE ALL OVER
THIS KID, ALL OVER HIM.
BUT INSTEAD, YOU SOLD OUT,
AND NOW YOU'RE WORKING FOR HIM.
I GUESS YOU FOUND
THAT RETIREMENT GIG.
THIS IS WHAT WORRIES ME.
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO
WHEN THIS KID GOES DOWN?
WHEN YOU REALIZE
YOU'VE BEEN
PROTECTING A MURDERER
AND THAT YOUR HANDS
HAVE BLOOD ON THEM, TOO...
THAT YOU ARE THE ONE
WHOSE THINKING WAS COMPROMISED
BY SELF-INTEREST
AND NOT ME?
THE DOOR SWINGS BOTH WAYS,
CAPTAIN SALTER.
YOU CAN'T BE
ON BOTH SIDES OF IT.
[ FOG HORN BLOWS ]
[ TELEPHONES RINGING ]
SORRY YOU GUYS
CAME ALL THE WAY DOWN HERE,
BUT, UH, I'M ACTUALLY
UNDER STRICT ORDERS
NOT TO SPEAK WITH ANYONE
ABOUT APPLSN OR ERICH BLUNT
WITHOUT A TEAM OF LAWYERS
PRESENT, SO...
THIS ISN'T
ABOUT ERICH BLUNT.
WELL, WITH THE TRIAL
AND MY ROLE HERE AS C.T.O.
AND ACTING C.E.O.,
EVERYTHING IN MY LIFE RIGHT NOW
IS ABOUT ERICH BLUNT.
SORRY, GUYS.
WISH I COULD HELP.
OLI, WHAT TIME'S MY MEETING
WITH HOROWITZ?
YOU'RE 15 MINUTES LATE.
THEY'RE WAITING IN ROOM 6.
"THEY"?
I THOUGHT IT WAS JUST BEN.
IT'S BEN, MARC, AND JEFF.
MS. WEST.
LOOK, I AM KEEPING $15 BILLION
OF ANGRY VENTURE CAPITAL
WAITING ON THE OTHER SIDE
OF THIS BUILDING.
SO IF WE'RE NOT DONE HERE,
WE'RE GONNA NEED TO HEAD
IN THAT GENERAL DIRECTION.
WE JUST NEED TO CONFIRM
YOUR WHEREABOUTS LAST NIGHT.
I WAS HERE UNTIL 10:00,
AND THEN I WAS HOME.
DO YOU LIVE WITH ANYONE --
BOYFRIEND, UH, ROOMMATE?
I LIVE ALONE.
IS THIS ABOUT
THAT GUY WHO DIED LAST NIGHT --
CINDY'S HUSBAND?
I SAW THE HEADLINE
ON TechCrunch. POOR GUY.
ANYWAY, I WAS WORKING
FROM HOME LAST NIGHT
CATCHING UP ON E-MAILS --
I CAN SHOW YOU THOSE RECORDS.
WELL, YOU CAN SEND AN E-MAIL
FROM ANYWHERE.
THAT'S RIGHT. YOU CAN.
BUT...
YOUR LOCATION IS LOGGED
BY YOUR DNS.
JUST HAVE TO KNOW
WHERE TO LOOK.
SOMEONE ELSE COULD HAVE LOGGED
IN WITH YOUR PASSWORD, THOUGH,
RIGHT, WHILE YOU'RE HALFWAY
ACROSS TOWN?
WELL,
I SUPPOSE THEY COULD,
WHICH IS WHY...
WE NO LONGER USE PASSWORDS.
[ COMPUTER BEEPS ]
THESE HERE ARE MY ROOT LOGS
FROM 7:00 P.M. LAST NIGHT
UNTIL 7:00 A.M. THIS MORNING --
EVERY STROKE I MADE
AND WHERE I MADE IT FROM.
WELL, I'M SURE
A WORLD-CLASS ENGINEER
WOULD HAVE NO PROBLEM
FAKING SOMETHING LIKE THIS
IN THEIR SLEEP.
WELL, THEN YOU OBVIOUSLY
DON'T KNOW WHAT A ROOT LOG IS.
EVERY ACTION YOU'VE EVER MADE
ON ANY DEVICE
IS RECORDED
ON ONE PERMANENT DIGITAL RECORD.
YOU CAN'T ALTER IT, DELETE IT,
ERASE IT, OR EVEN TOUCH IT.
YOU CAN ONLY REVIEW IT,
SEARCH IT...
[ PRINTER WHIRRING ]...AND PRINT IT.
[ PRINTER BEEPS ]
PLEASE, TAKE IT.
SHOW IT TO SOMEONE WHO KNOWS
SOMETHING ABOUT COMPUTERS.
THEY'LL TELL YOU IT CONFIRMS
I WAS HOME LAST NIGHT.
EXCUSE ME.
SHE WORKS A LOT.
MS. HARKINS, YOU USED TO
WORK FOR ERICH BLUNT.
IS THAT CORRECT?
THAT'S RIGHT.
I WORKED
IN BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
AT HIS FIRST START-UP COMPANY,
WesNe, FORM 2006 TO 2009.
Siletti: AND WHY
DID YOU LEAVE HIS EMPLOY?
I LEFT BECAUSE OF
A WORKPLACE-MISCONDUCT DISPUTE.
COULD YOU
BE MORE SPECIFIC?
I FELT I WAS BEING HARASSED.BY WHOM?
ERICH BLUNT.
OBJECTION AS TO RELEVANCY,
YOUR HONOR.
PREJUDICIAL EFFECT GREATLY
OUTWEIGHS ANY PROBATIVE VALUE.
GOES TO
PATTERN OF BEHAVIOR
BY MR. BLUNT TOWARD HIS
FEMALE EMPLOYEES, YOUR HONOR.
OVERRULED.
SO, YOU QUIT YOUR JOB
BECAUSE OF THIS HARASSMENT?
NO.
I FILED A LAWSUIT.
AND DID YOUR LAWSUIT
GO TO TRIAL?
NO. WE SETTLED.
HOW MUCH
DID YOU RECEIVE?
I SIGNED A NONDISCLOSURE
AGREEMENT.
PLEASE INSTRUCT THE WITNESS
TO ANSWER, YOUR HONOR.
THE WITNESS WILL ANSWER
THE QUESTION.
HOW MUCH DID YOU GET,
MS. HARKINS?
$650,000.
TELL THE JURY
WHAT LEVEL OF HARASSMENT
HAS A PRICE TAG OF $650,000.
[ Voice breaking ]
HE DIDN'T JUST HARASS ME.
HE DRUGGED ME...
AND HE RAPED ME.
Siletti:
THANK YOU, MS. HARKINS.
Daniels:
BEING DRUGGED AND RAPED
ARE VERY SERIOUS ALLEGATIONS,
MS. HARKINS.
DID YOU FILE A CRIMINAL
COMPLAINT WITH THE POLICE?
NO.
WHY NOT?
I WAS EMBARRASSED
AND HUMILIATED.
I'M THE SINGLE MOTHER
OF A 4-YEAR-OLD SON,
AND I JUST DID NOT
WANT TO DEAL WITH IT.
MS. HARKINS,
WHAT WAS YOUR SALARY
WHEN YOU WORKED
FOR MR. BLUNT?
AROUND $60,000 A YEAR.
AND IN 2009,
MR. BLUNT WAS IN NEGOTIATIONS
TO SELL HIS COMPANY TO APPLE.
ISN'T THAT RIGHT?
THAT WAS THE RUMOR
AT THE TIME.
DID YOU HAVE STOCK OPTIONS
IN MR. BLUNT'S COMPANY?
NO.
SO, ISN'T IT POSSIBLE,
EVEN PROBABLE,
THAT, AT THE CONCLUSION
OF A SALE,
YOU MIGHT WELL HAVE
LOST YOUR JOB
IN AN ECONOMY
THAT WAS TANKING?
I COULDN'T SAY.
WELL, AFTER YOU LEFT
MR. BLUNT'S EMPLOY,
DID YOU FIND ANOTHER JOB?
NOT RIGHT AWAY.
[ CHUCKLES ] EXACTLY HOW LONG
IS "NOT RIGHT AWAY"?
[ SIGHS ]
THREE YEARS.
SO,
ISN'T IT ALSO POSSIBLE
THAT, IN FEAR OF LOSING YOUR JOB
AND YOUR LIVELIHOOD,
THAT YOU TRUMPED UP
THESE CHARGES
IN ORDER
TO INOCULATE YOURSELF
AGAINST THE FINANCIAL
CONSEQUENCES OF LOSING YOUR JOB?
NO, IT IS NOT POSSIBLE,
AND IT IS NOT TRUE.
MS. HARKINS,
WITH ALL DUE RESPECT,
IS THERE A SINGLE SHRED
OF PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
THAT THE EVENTS YOU ALLEGED
EVER EVEN TOOK PLACE?
NO.
SO, ISN'T IT POSSIBLE
THAT YOU ENGAGED IN A CONSENSUAL
SEX ACT WITH MR. BLUNT
AND THEN USED THAT TO LEVERAGE
A HUGE PAYDAY FOR YOURSELF?
OBJECTION.
INFLAMMATORY AND PREJUDICIAL.
NO FURTHER QUESTIONS,
YOUR HONOR.
VERY WELL.
THIS COURT IS IN RECESS
UNTIL TOMORROW MORNING.
[ GAVEL BANGS ]
[ SIGHS ]
I'VE BEEN THROUGH
EVERY BACK DOOR OVER THERE,
CASHED IN ALL MY FAVORS,
TWISTED ARMS, PATTED BACKS,
THREATENED, BEGGED --
EVERY TRICK IN THE BOOK.
MARK STRAUSS' DEATH
IS WHAT IT IS.
THEY GOT NOTHING.
OR MAYBE YOU'RE
JUST OUT OF TRICKS.
WE NEED THIS
TO BE A SUICIDE.
LET'S RAMP UP THE PRESSURE --
LEAK THAT HE LEFT A NOTE.
I'LL CALL HARVEY
AT THE WAG.
WE CAN COUNT ON HIM
TO KEEP IT ANONYMOUS.
Keefer:
IT LOOKS LIKE A LEGIT ROOT LOG.
THE LABELS ALL MATCH
HER VERSION OF EVENTS.
SHE WAS AT APPLSN
ON HER DESKTOP,
THEN SHE WAS IN AN UBER
ON HER MOBILE,
AND THEN SHE WAS AT HOME
ON HER LAPTOP.
SHE DIDN'T DISCONNECT
FOR EIGHT HOURS STRAIGHT.
COULD YOU FAKE
A PRINTOUT LIKE THAT?
I GUESS YOU COULD COPY
THE REAL ROOT LOG
AND THEN ADJUST THE CODE
LINE BY LINE,
BUT THAT WOULD BE
A SHIT TON OF WORK.
IT WOULD TAKE ME DAYS,
IF NOT WEEKS.
THEN AGAIN,
I HAVE A DAY JOB.
ALL RIGHT, SO YOU'RE SAYING WE
SHOULD ASSUME THAT IT'S LEGIT?
I'M SAYING
I WISH I HAD A BETTER ANSWER.
ALL RIGHT.
THANKS, KAMI.
THANKS.
WELL, THIS IS GREAT.
WE'RE IN TROUBLE NOW, RIGHT?
ALL RIGHT. THERE'S STILL TIME.
IT'S NOT OVER YET.
WE'VE GOT UNTIL SILETTI RESTS,
AND I'M HIS LAST WITNESS.
WHEN DO YOU TESTIFY?
FIRST THING
TOMORROW MORNING.
DO YOU HAVE ANY
BRILLIANT ADVICE FOR ME?
SPEAK VERY,
VERY SLOWLY.
[ CHUCKLES ]
INSPECTOR MULLIGAN,
WERE YOU AND YOUR PARTNER,
INSPECTOR ENGLISH,
DISPATCHED TO CINDY STRAUSS'
HOME AT 1124 BRANNAN STREET
ON THE MORNING
OF JUNE 6, 2014?
YES.
AND YOUR SUBSEQUENT
INVESTIGATION LED YOU TO BELIEVE
THAT ERICH BLUNT
MURDERED CINDY STRAUSS?
YES.
WHAT DID YOUR INVESTIGATION
REVEAL?
WELL, IN ADDITION TO
DNA EVIDENCE
LINKING HIM
TO THE CRIME SCENE,
MR. BLUNT LIED TO US
REPEATEDLY
OVER THE COURSE
OF SEVERAL INTERVIEWS
SPANNING TWO MURDER
INVESTIGATIONS.
TWO?
WHAT WAS THE OTHER ONE?
THE MURDER OF KEVIN NEYERS,
MR. BLUNT'S BIOLOGICAL FATHER.
HE LIED TO US ABOUT RECEIVING
AN EXTORTION NOTE FROM HIM.
AND, UH,
IN SUBSEQUENT INTERVIEWS,
HE LIED ABOUT
BEING WITH CINDY
AT HER HOUSE
THE NIGHT SHE DIED,
AND HE ALSO LIED ABOUT
HAVING SEX WITH HER
THE NIGHT OF HER DEATH.
IS IT TRUE THAT AFTER
YOU INTERVIEWED THE DEFENDANT
ABOUT CINDY STRAUSS' DEATH,
HE ASKED YOU OUT
ON A DATE?
YES,
AND I AGREED TO IT.
WE NEEDED MR. BLUNT'S DNA
IN ORDER TO LINK HIM
TO CINDY'S DEATH,
SO I USED THE PRETENSE OF A DATE
TO OBTAIN HIS DNA SAMPLE.
HMM.
HOW DID YOU DO THAT?
AT THE END OF THE EVENING,
HE KISSED ME.
I WAS CHEWING GUM.
SO, UH, WE USED THE GUM
AS A MEDIUM TO SAMPLE THE DNA.
Siletti: WHAT DID YOU DO
WITH THE GUM THEN?
I IMMEDIATELY SPIT IT INTO A,
UH, EVIDENCE CONTAINER
AND TOOK IT DIRECTLY
TO THE LAB.
JUST A FEW MORE QUESTIONS,
INSPECTOR.
WHERE WAS ERICH BLUNT
ARRESTED?
HE WAS TAKEN INTO CUSTODY
AT A KRAV MAGA STUDIO
IN THE
TENDERLOIN DISTRICT.
HE'S A --
A SECOND-DEGREE BLACK BELT.
WHAT IS KRAV MAGA,
INSPECTOR?
IT'S AN ISRAELI-DEVELOPED FORM
OF SELF-DEFENSE.
IT COMBINES ASPECTS OF MARTIAL
ARTS AND DEADLY STREET FIGHTING.
Siletti: AT MR. BLUNT'S LEVEL
OF EXPERTISE,
WOULD HE BE CAPABLE OF BREAKING
CINDY STRAUSS' NECK?
OBJECTION, YOUR HONOR.
CALLS FOR A CONCLUSION.
OVERRULED.
YOU MAY ANSWER THE QUESTION,
INSPECTOR.
Siletti:
LET ME REPEAT.
WAS ERICH BLUNT CAPABLE
OF BREAKING CINDY STRAUSS' NECK?
DEFINITELY.
THANK YOU, INSPECTOR.
NOTHING FURTHER.
INSPECTOR, DO YOU GENERALLY
KISS MURDER SUSPECTS
IN ORDER TO SECURE
THEIR SALIVA?NO.
DON'T YOU THINK YOUR WILLINGNESS
TO USE SEX TO OBTAIN EVIDENCE
EXHIBITS POOR JUDGMENT
IN THE EXTREME?
I DON'T CONSIDER A KISS
TO BE SEX.
AH.
INSPECTOR, WERE YOU PRESENT
AT MR. BLUNT'S ARREST?
NO, I WAS NOT.
WHY?
IT WAS YOUR CASE,
WASN'T IT?
I WAS ON
TEMPORARY LEAVE.
MY PARTNER AND THE REST
OF THE TEAM HANDLED THE ARREST.
WHY WERE YOU ON
TEMPORARY LEAVE?
IN AN UNRELATED CASE, I
HAD CAUSE TO SHOOT AN ASSAILANT.
ANYTIME AN OFFICER
IS INVOLVED IN A SHOOTING,
THEY'RE PLACED ON TEMPORARY
LEAVE PENDING AN INVESTIGATION.
SO, YOU SHOT
AND KILLED THE MAN?
IS THAT RIGHT?
IT WAS
A DOMESTIC-ABUSE SITUATION.
HE CAME AT ME
WITH A KITCHEN KNIFE,
SO I USED DEADLY FORCE
TO PROTECT MYSELF
AND THE OTHERS
IN THE ROOM WITH ME.
WHAT WAS
A HOMICIDE INSPECTOR DOING
RESPONDING TO
A DOMESTIC-ABUSE SITUATION?
THE YOUNG BOY WHO'S MOTHER
WAS BEING BRUTALLY ASSAULTED,
HE CALLED ME DIRECTLY, SO
I SHOWED UP AT THE CRIME SCENE
AFTER CALLING
THE DOMESTIC-ABUSE UNIT.
THEY WERE NOT THERE YET,
SO I WENT IN ALONE.
WASN'T THAT ALSO
POOR JUDGMENT ON YOUR PART?
I THINK IT WOULD HAVE BEEN
WORSE JUDGMENT
FOR ME TO SIT BACK
AND DO NOTHING
WHILE THIS MAN CONTINUED
TO BRUTALLY ASSAULT HIS WIFE.
THE FAMILY SUED YOU
FOR WRONGFUL DEATH.
IS THAT CORRECT?
THEY WERE MANIPULATED INTO IT
BY A LAWYER.
THEY DROPPED THE SUIT
THE NEXT DAY.
Daniels: SO, LET'S REVIEW.SURE.
YOU SEXUALLY ENTRAPPED
ERICH BLUNT
INTO GIVING UP
A DNA SAMPLE,
AND YOU WERE
COMPLETELY OUT OF POLICY
WHEN YOU SHOT AND KILLED A MAN
IN A ROGUE POLICE ACTION --
A KILLING FOR WHICH
YOU WERE PUT ON
ADMINISTRATIVE LEAVE AND SUED.
INSPECTOR, DON'T YOU THINK
THESE BEHAVIORS
CALL INTO QUESTION YOUR
COMPETENCE AS A POLICE OFFICER?
NO, I DON'T.
TWO LIVES WERE AT RISK.
I COULDN'T WAIT FOR BACKUP.
AND AS FAR AS ME GOING ON A
SO-CALLED DATE WITH ERICH BLUNT,
THERE WAS NO OTHER MEANS
BY WHICH TO OBTAIN HIS DNA,
SO I ACTUALLY WOULD NOT CALL IT
POOR JUDGMENT.
I'D CALL IT
SMART POLICE WORK.
THOUGHT YOU DID GOOD.
WELL,
A LOT OF GOOD IT DOES
IF WE CAN'T PROVE SOMEONE ELSE
WROTE MARK'S SUICIDE NOTE.
HERE.
THIS HAS BEEN BOTHERING ME.
OH.
WHAT AM I LOOKING AT?ON THE BOTTOM THERE --
IT'S AN E-MAIL
FROM IVANA WEST'S ROOT LOG.
"NOT HAPPY WITH
THIS MONTH'S AD IN WIRED.
"YOU SHOULDN'T'VE MOVED AHEAD
ON THAT CAMPAIGN
"WITHOUT MY SIGNOFF.
ALL MARKETING MUST BE OKAYED
BY ME UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE."
SO?
"SHOULDN'T'VE."
WHAT ABOUT IT?
LOOK AT THAT --
THE TWO APOSTROPHES.
WAS IT MISSPELLED?
NO,
BUT WHO USES THAT WORD?
"SHOULDN'T'VE"?MM.
[ CHUCKLES ]
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
PEOPLE USE THE WORD
"SHOULDN'T'VE" ALL THE TIME.
I KNOW, BUT...
WHO USES IT
IN THAT WAY --
WITH THE TWO APOSTROPHES?
LIKE, HOW COMMON IS THAT?
SORRY. WHY ARE WE TALKING
ABOUT THIS?LOOK.
MARK STRAUSS USES IT
IN HIS SUICIDE NOTE.
THE LAST THINGS
HE SAYS.
"THEN I BROKE HER NECK.
YES, I KILLED HER.
"I SHOULDN'T'VE,
BUT SHE DESERVED IT.
NOW IT'S MY TURN.
I DESERVE TO DIE, TOO."
IT'S A BIT
OF A STRETCH.
I MEAN,
GRAMMAR DOESN'T TYPICALLY
GET US PROBABLE CAUSE,
RIGHT?
WELL, THEY NAILED
THE UNABOMBER THAT WAY.
OKAY, SO YOU THINK IVANA
WENT OVER THERE, KILLED HIM,
AND TYPED UP
A SUICIDE NOTE?
MAYBE.
SHE FAKED A ROOT LOG.
I MEAN, SHE KNEW
WE WERE COMING OVER THERE.
SHE WAS PREPARED.
MARK WAS
A PRETTY BIG DUDE.
I KNOW, BUT OVERDOSE -- THAT'S
SOMETHING SHE COULD PULL OFF.
NOT MUCH.
WELL, IT'S ALL WE GOT.
I THINK WE SHOULD DRAG HER IN.
YOU THINK THIS IS WHAT SALTER
WAS TALKING ABOUT?
WHEN HE SAID WE'RE SO DESPERATE
TO NAIL BLUNT,
WE'RE BASICALLY WILLING
TO CHASE AFTER ANYTHING?
WE'LL KNOW
TOMORROW MORNING.
WHAT THE HELL
IS THIS?
WE NEED YOU TO COME WITH US
DOWNTOWN.
WHERE WERE YOU
TWO NIGHTS AGO?
I ALREADY ANSWERED
THAT QUESTION.
YOU KNOW WHERE I WAS.WORKING.
YEAH,
THAT'S RIGHT.
WORKING MY ASS OFF
TRYING TO SAVE THE COMPANY
OF THE GUY THAT
YOU ARE RAILROADING.
SO, SAVING HIS ASS
MEANT TAKING OUT MARK STRAUSS?
I'M LEAVING.
NO, NOT TONIGHT.
MAYBE NOT EVER.
SIT DOWN.
[ SCOFFS ]
ARE YOU ARRESTING ME?
WE'RE HOLDING YOU IN CUSTODY
UNDER THE SUSPICION OF MURDER.
[ SCOFFS ]
THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE.
THIS CITY HAS OFFICIALLY
JUMPED THE SHARK.
HEY, LOOK WHO'S HERE.HEY.
WITH GOODIES.HOW YOU DOING?
SO, THIS IS A HAIR SAMPLE
THAT I PLUCKED OFF YOUR BACK
YESTERDAY AT APPLSN
WHEN YOU WERE PRINTING OUT
THE BOGUS ROOT LOGS,
AND THIS IS
A MATCHING HAIR SAMPLE
THAT WE FOUND
AT MARK STRAUSS' APARTMENT.UH-OH.
YOU DID A GREAT JOB
OF SWEEPING OUT THE PLACE.
I GOT TO SAY,
YOU REALLY DID.
BUT THAT'S THE THING WITH HAIR,
YOU KNOW?
IT'S SO THIN THAT IT BLOWS
UNDER THE BED AND...
YOU'RE TOAST.
[ CHUCKLES ]
THIS IS BULLSHIT.
DON'T COUNT ON IT.
YOU SEE THIS?
SEE THIS LITTLE GUY?
THAT'S YOUR FINGERPRINT.
FOUND IT
ON STRAUSS' LAPTOP.
YOU KNOW, WHEN YOU WERE TYPING
OUT THAT BULLSHIT SUICIDE NOTE.
WE FELT FOR SURE
WE WERE GONNA HAVE TO
SWEEP YOUR OFFICE
FOR PRINTS,
BUT IT TURNED OUT THE FBI
DATABASE HAD YOUR DIGITS ON FILE
FROM A DRUG BUST IN COLLEGE,
SO THAT WAS A NICE SURPRISE.
ANYWAY, THE HAIR AND THE PRINTS
BASICALLY JUST PROVE
THAT YOU WERE
AT STRAUSS' APARTMENT
SOMETIME
IN THE RECENT PAST,
WHICH IS WHY MY PARTNER SPENT
HALF THE DAY DIGGING UP THIS.
English: THAT'S SECURITY FOOTAGE
FROM THE LIQUOR STORE
RIGHT NEXT DOOR
TO STRAUSS' APARTMENT.
NOW, THE CAMERA
HASN'T BEEN MAINTAINED WELL.
THE WIND BLEW IT
OFF TARGET,
BUT WE WERE ABLE TO GET
A CORNER OF STRAUSS' APARTMENT,
SO WE HAVE IMAGES
OF YOU AND STRAUSS
ENTERING THE APARTMENT
TWO NIGHTS AGO,
AND OF YOU EXITING HIS APARTMENT
BY YOURSELF.
ANYTHING YOU WANT TO
TELL US?
YEAH.
I WANT TO TELL YOU
THAT I AM NOT SAYING
ANOTHER WORD
WITHOUT MY LAWYER.
[ SIGHS ]
[ WHISTLES ]
[ IMITATES EXPLOSION ]
NICE TRY, BUT WITHOUT
A CONFESSION, WE'RE DONE.
I HAVE TO DISCLOSE
THE SUICIDE NOTE IN THE MORNING.
IT'S BEEN FUN, FOLKS.
MAYBE WE CAN HAVE A REUNION
IN 10 YEARS
AND TALK ABOUT
WHAT MIGHT HAVE BEEN.
I WANT ANOTHER
CRACK AT IT.
I THINK I CAN GET HER
TO TALK.
Perez: YOU'RE NOT GONNA GET
A CONFESSION OUT OF HER, TERRY.
SHE'S TOO SMART.
AND EVEN IF SHE DOES START
TALKING, IT'S USELESS.
SHE'S UNDER MIRANDA.
NO. WE'RE NOT GONNA GET HER
ON MURDER.
THE DRUGS IN THE TOX REPORT
MATCH MARK'S PRESCRIPTION.
THE AUTOPSY SHOWS ZERO DAMAGE
TO HIS MOUTH AND THROAT
WITH NO SIGNS OF VIOLENCE.
I MEAN, LOOK AT HER.
THERE'S NO WAY SHE FORCED
HIM TO TAKE ALL THOSE
PILLS. HE O.D.'d.
HE O.D.'d,
AND SHE WAS THERE SOMEHOW.
SHE WROTE
THAT SUICIDE NOTE.
AND THAT'S ALL
WE NEED TO KNOW.
I GET IT.
YEAH, ME, TOO.
I DON'T.
GOOD.
KEEP SOME
PLAUSIBLE DENIABILITY.
EXCUSE ME.
Terry:
I GOT TO TELL YOU,
THIS IS
ONE HELL OF A NOTE.
YOU GOT METER, IRONY.
IT'S ACTUALLY
KIND OF FUNNY.
LOOK AT
THE WAY SHE'S LAYING.
NUTJOB.
WHERE'S MY LAWYER?[ INHALES DEEPLY ]
OKAY, I WANT YOU
TO DO ME A FAVOR.
THIRD PAGE.
RIGHT AFTER YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT
YOUR MARKETING CAMPAIGN...
YEAH, READ THIS SENTENCE
RIGHT HERE.
"YOU SHOULDN'T'VE
MOVED AHEAD ON THAT CAMPAIGN
WITHOUT MY SIGNOFF."
"SHOULDN'T'VE."
NOW, YOU USED
TWO APOSTROPHES
WHEN YOU WROTE
THE WORD "SHOULDN'T'VE,"
SO WE CONTACTED
A BERKELEY LINGUIST.
THEY COMPILED STATISTICS
ON COMMON SPELLINGS.
WOULD YOU BELIEVE
THAT ONLY 1 OUT OF 800,000
PEOPLE USE TWO APOSTROPHES
WHEN THEY SPELL
"SHOULDN'T'VE"?
SO, WE GOT YOU
USING ONE ON YOUR E-MAIL,
AND WE GOT ONE
ON THE SUICIDE NOTE.
OH, COME ON, IVANA.
WE CAN DO THIS ALL NIGHT.
I GOT TONS OF THIS SHIT.
OR YOU COULD JUST TELL ME
WHAT HAPPENED.
WHAT HAPPENED IS,
I ASKED FOR MY LAWYER.
CALL WARREN DANIELS.
YOU'RE NOT GETTING
A LAWYER.
YOU CAN'T DO THAT!
I KNOW MY RIGHTS!
AND I'M VIOLATING THEM.YOU REALIZE THAT
EVERYTHING I SAY IN HERE
IS INADMISSIBLE, RIGHT,
AND THAT YOU'RE NOT GONNA
GET AWAY WITH THIS?
I DON'T PLAN ON
NEEDING TO.
WHAT IS THIS? YOU'RE --
YOU'RE BARGAINING WITH ME?
LOOK. I'M GONNA
GIVE YOU TWO OPTIONS.
OKAY, OPTION ONE, YOU ARREST ME,
AND I GET MY LAWYER.
AND THE PRESS HAS
A FIELD DAY.
WORST-CASE SCENARIO --
YOU GO DOWN FOR BOTH MURDERS.
BEST-CASE -- WE GET YOU
FOR FALSIFYING EVIDENCE
AND OBSTRUCTING JUSTICE.OKAY, SO OPTION TWO
IS THAT YOU VIOLATE
MY CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS.
AND YOU GET TO TELL ME
THE TRUTH WITH IMPUNITY.
WHAT IF I SAY
I KILLED HIM?
I CAN'T HOLD IT
AGAINST YOU.
BUT YOU WEREN'T GONNA SAY THAT
'CAUSE IT'S NOT THE TRUTH.
OKAY. [ SIGHS ]
THE TRUTH IS,
I WOULD HAVE KILLED HIM.
AND I WAS PREPARED
TO KILL HIM.
BUT YOU'RE RIGHT.
I DIDN'T KILL HIM
'CAUSE I DIDN'T HAVE TO.
WHERE DID YOU FIND HIM?
AT A BAR THAT HE LIKES.
BY THE TIME I GOT THERE,
HE WAS ALREADY SHITFACED,
AND I WAS
ACTUALLY WORRIED
THAT HE WAS GONNA
RECOGNIZE ME FROM --
I DON'T KNOW --
THE APPLSN CHRISTMAS PARTY
OR...CNBC,
BUT...HE DIDN'T.
AND IT WAS SO EASY.
HOW DID YOU
GET TO HIS APARTMENT?
I TOLD HIM I THOUGHT
HE WAS CUTE.
[ SIGHS ]
WE MADE OUT A LITTLE
AT THE BAR,
AND...I LET HIM
FEEL ME UP.
I WAS GONNA LET HIM DO ME
IN THE BATHROOM IN A STALL.
AND WE TRIED,
BUT, YOU KNOW, HE WAS SO DRUNK,
HE COULD BARELY STAND,
LET ALONE PERFORM.
SO...
HE INVITED ME
BACK TO HIS APARTMENT
WHERE HE SAID HE HAD
A LITTLE BLUE FRIEND THERE
THAT COULD HELP HIM
GET IT UP.
BUT WHEN WE GOT THERE,
HE HAD EVERYTHING BUT,
SO HE STARTED
CRUSHING PILLS
AND SNORTING OXYS
AND PARACHUTING.
AND LIKE AN HOUR AND A HALF
LATER, HE JUST PASSED OUT,
STARTED CHOKING
ON HIS OWN VOMIT.
[ SIGHS ]
THE DYING PART...
DID TAKE LONGER
THAN I EXPECTED,
BUT THEN I WROTE
THE SUICIDE NOTE,
AND I LEFT.
AND IT ALMOST WORKED
IF HE HAD HAD...
INTERNET SERVICE.
YEP.
THAT NOTE GETS E-MAILED
TO THE MEDIA,
THE TRIAL'S OVER,
AND ERICH'S A FREE MAN.
[ SIGHS ]
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
[ SCOFFS ]
THIS CHICK IS EVIL.
YEAH,
I-I'VE HEARD ENOUGH.
WHAT ABOUT THE LAPTOP?
WE'LL HANDLE IT.
Ivana: CAN I GO NOW?
YEAH.
[ SIGHS ]
I SHOULDN'T'VE USED
"SHOULDN'T'VE."
I ALMOST FORGOT.
WANT TO KNOW
IF I KILLED CINDY?
NO.
ALL RIGHT.
[ CHUCKLES ]
Man: HERE SHE COMES!
[ CAMERA SHUTTERS CLICKING ]
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
Man:
WE INTERRUPT THIS PROGRAM
TO BRING YOU LIVE
TO THE HALL OF JUSTICE
WHERE D.A. PEREZ
HAS AN ANNOUNCEMENT.
MARK STRAUSS' DEATH
HAS BEEN RULED
AN ACCIDENTAL OVERDOSE.
THERE WERE NO SIGNS
OF HOMICIDE OR SUICIDE.
MR. STRAUSS DID NOT
LEAVE A NOTE.
YOU KNOW HOW TO
ERASE THE HARD DRIVE?
I'M TRYING.
[ KEYBOARD CLACKING ]
I DO.
[ SIGHS ]
WATCH YOURSELF.